>> Jen Kramer: The other thing that we can
do with the flex property is this other
property called justify content.
So do you want all of these boxes pushed
to the beginning, which is called
flex-start, or push all the boxes
to the end, it's called flex-end?
Do we want to center these boxes or
do we want to distribute
some space in between them?
And so there's some properties for that.
So right now based on the descriptions
that you see here, what's going on?
What is the default property of that,
of this justified content property?
What is the default?
>> Class: Start.
>> Jen Kramer: Flex-start, okay.
So if we type in here justify content,
>> Jen Kramer: Flex-start, absolutely
nothing changes, well done, okay.
Cuz it's gonna shove all the boxes
to the beginning of the row.
So let's change it to flex-end
>> Jen Kramer: Cool,
all the boxes are now at the other end,
right.
>> Jen Kramer: If I change this to center,
>> Jen Kramer: Hey, they're in the center.
>> Jen Kramer: You all look
really excited by this.
Okay, and then the last one that
I gave you was space-around.
There's a couple of other values,
you can look up what the other values are.
But I've tried to give you just a few.
Space-around, so that's actually
gonna divide it into boxes with
some space in between them.
And there are some things here that
are really important to notice, okay.
Look a the space between
say boxes number three and
four and the space between one and
the edge of the page.
What can you tell me about the space
between three and four and
the space between one and
the edge of the page?
So what's the distribution of space here?
Take a look at the distance between
whatever, two and three, three and
four versus one and the edge of the page
or seven and the edge of the page.
>> Student2: Twice as much between
two items as it is on the ends.
>> Jen Kramer: Exactly,
there's twice as much between three and
four as opposed to the ends of the page.
So what the browser did is it took
all of the space that was there.
It said how many boxes do I have?
And I'm going to divide up my space such
that I'll put the same amount of space on
the left and
the right side of each one of these boxes.
So you see how you get to those
units between the boxes but
only one on the ends.